##Migration Methodology##

Migration is a commonplace occurrence in this modern world. Small scale migration can be as simple as a ten minute commute to a workplace every day, or just the movement of an individual. However, while the movement of a single individual can be easy to track, as the population grows larger there are more individuals with different movements and plans as well as different paths and methods of travel, making everything more and more complex. Many cities have populations with millions of people varying in ethnicity, social status and multiple other factors. China has the largest population of all the countries in the world with a population about 1.25 billion people. Not only does it have many people living within its borders, it also has a large land mass with people spread out among different provinces and areas, with a good amount of its population in urban areas and cities. Although the convergence in urban areas may make looking for and studying patterns slightly easier in the country as a whole, it makes looking for patterns in cities a lot more difficult due to the amount of people living in large cities such as Beijing to Shanghai. When looking at migration, sometimes there are certain events that cause mass migration within China and other countries. In China, one such event would be Chinese New Year, where it is a tradition for people to go back to their original households and celebrate with their families. Not everyone works at the same place they were born, as many may make their way into richer and larger cities from rural areas in search for better job opportunities so there is usually a large migration of people going back to their original homes. Migration can lead to many issues within cities as an influx of people where cities are not prepared to accommodate can lead to an inability for workers to find housing as well as increasing the prices of current housing. If an epidemic were to break out, migration of many people could cause an increase in the spread of the disease. China actually cancelled many of its Chinese New Year events this year when COVID-19 broke out in an attempt to slow down the spread of the disease. Migration can also lead to environmental issues as people moving into new cities can force the government to adopt new urban planning measures and possibly increase city borders which could lead to loss of nature and urban sprawl.
	Overall, I think my topic is more of a mix between an explanatory inquiry and an exploratory inquiry. My research question was “In what ways has migration in China increased and what impact has it had?”. Some of the sub-questions I considered were “What is the scale of rural to urban migration in China over time?”, “Has there been an influx of people in major cities as compared to less urbanized cities?”, and “At what times throughout the year is the migration in China at the greatest level?”. Although plenty of patterns exist when it comes to migration, there are plenty of unknowns on this topic and the patterns of migration could always change based on new country developments in the future. I thought that this related to both inquiries as there is information to explain certain things that happen with regard to migration but there is information that is unknown that needs to be looked into as more studies are conducted and tested. The sub-questions I have also relate to the inquiries as some questions can be answered through data and patterns from past studies, but the same studies can also be explored further to find different patterns and causes.
Although I looked at multiple studies while doing research, I focused on two data science methods that were used to conduct studies. The two I looked at were the random forest model and complex network analysis. The study that I looked at which used the random forest model obtained their data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China. They then aggregated that data with the uniform Global Administrative Unit Layer to specify the units and make them more accurate (Gaughan et al. 2016). The researchers only used basic covariates in the study. Some things they used were a distance-to-edge covariate and a lights at night time series. The researchers also added an additional covariate for distance-to-built, allowing them to satisfy both the spatial and temporal dimension (Gaughan et al. 2016). Other variables the researchers used were elevation and slope. The researchers then used the Random Forest regression to predict population, which involves creating many individual decision trees and then combining them all together. Once the parameters were set they then created a map of prediction population density. After that map is created they then use it as a weighting layer and predict the people per grid cell across mainland China (Gaughan et al. 2016). The other study used complex network analysis instead of a random tree model and pulled their data from Tencent to investigate migration during Chinese New Year. They used the data from Tencent because it is the one of the largest internet-based companies, and because so many people use its apps. Because of the range and extent of its coverage, it covers a large proportion of the population and is deemed accurate because of the amount of people that used its service. They used the LBS feature to see individual flow trajectories of users, and they hoped to see overarching patterns by combining individual flow trajectories (Pan and Lai 2019). The directional flow aspect allows the study to satisfy the spatial dimension. Complex network focuses on the topographical relationship between nodes. The researchers created a bidirectional matrix in order to characterize flow between cities (Pan and Lai 2019). They also included different factors to make data more specific such as the in-degree and out-degree of cities, which shows how attractive some cities are (Pan and Lai 2019). There were many differences among the results, and some of the data allowed them to make inferences on which parts of the holiday were for travel, journey, and return. The researchers looked at net inflow which decreased for some major cities due to the migration of people back to rural areas. Another trend was that population mobility was greater in more urbanized and larger cities (Pan and Lai 2019).  Many results were able to be seen from this study as they were able to create a list of the top ten cities with net inflow population, population flow, and even the most common routes that some people traveled. They concluded that travel and migration between cities in China and that there were no factors forcing people to go a direction or preventing them. 

Comparing two studies, one thing that was interesting about the random tree model was that they had to calculate and estimate each year they wanted to look at individually because of the massive growth in both population and urban development. I thought the two studies related to each other but in different aspects as one estimated the population density of cities in China and the other looked at the flow and travel of people which could possibly lead to increases in population density of cities. Because of this, it is possible that general population flow could lead to increases in population density in cities at certain times of the year and from different factors. These studies helped answer and shed light on my sub-questions as Chinese New Year is a prime example to show when migration might increase due to different push factors. The population density map also helps answer the question about population influx in urban cities as there are clear comparisons between major cities. Looking at the directional flow, it is possible to see patterns of travel and the scale of individuals traveling from urban areas to rural areas. Because Chinese New Year is a time for visiting and spending time with family, it is probably one of the most accurate times to track migration of individuals to their homes in China. I think that using data from Tencent is better than using the National Bureau’s data because although it isn’t completely nationwide, it can be updated in real time as compared to census data which has a long period of time in between studies. The period of time where the census is not conducted can lead to out of date and data and trends are harder to be studied. I think a random tree model that used real time data would be the most accurate and extremely beneficial if possible, but I have yet to come across such a thing in my studies. The random tree model is definitely capable of possibly being able to predict future changes, and setting up different covariates would allow it to be modeled more to a specific study or to focus on a specific aspect of migration that needs to be investigated further.
	A gap in the literature that I think could be investigated further would be the inclusion of socioeconomic status or other methods of classifying subgroups and its role in migration. By setting specific subgroups, the data would become more specific and it would be possible to see more specific trends such as where poorer citizens in urban cities go back to during Chinese New Year or finding the scale of increase from rural to urban migration based on socioeconomic status. It may be more difficult due to the fact that more variables must be added in and taken into account, but it would also allow more patterns to be seen as well as the answers to more unanswered questions to be found. Overall, there are many different patterns that relate to migration and many can be related to certain factors that affect how people move. However, not everything is known and I believe that it is possible that new patterns or trends can be discovered as time goes on.
